will the burger very cold morning in
December I'm here to have my fitness
assessment for British military fitness
their people I've seen week in week out
as I've been going around Hampstead
Heath I've been intimidated by looking
at them but they do seem to have a lot
of fun and so the question for me is can
I make it can I can I do what they do
and make it part of a fitness regime
we've already done dynamics and dynamic
stretching and we kind of inevitable bmf
park their pulses that i'm not
completely muddy that's how they do
things they would so basically it's
three times around the lake best effort
500 meters per lap okay give you plenty
of encouragement as you go around and
also give you split in three seconds two
one go
it's a metaphor free
well that was tough the 1500 meters I
tried to run it as fast like to live in
the first lap so now they look really
gay man acts couple but running probably
is my strength 748 749 750 all the way
in pass the bench pass the bench and
stop their excellent time 753 but
unexpected 753 samal time that's a
monophonic
next we're press-ups very very very hard
I've laughed at my daughter because she
said she cannot do press-ups of hacking
did but actually it was much more to do
with my thought okay so when I go go for
two minutes of ourselves there's many
press ups as you can do in two minutes
ya stop there two minutes that I see
this Barney I see on my own I'm gonna go
for 55 I'll get 26 and I think I can't
do it anymore it with you there with a
group there I'm going to go for 13 even
if some of them are fairly rubbish the
situps again first 10 on what I'm really
going well here next to this is
beginning to get did what everything
after that was really really difficult
now if I hadn't been with somebody I
wouldn't have gone beyond let's say 12
or 13 I just want to stop so everything
beyond that was kind of as a result of
being in the
22 again every access that beautiful I
can't do the thing they call burpees at
all I just don't have the flexibility
around the knees and and happened I
think I think it may be partially a
function of age where I can discover
thought the sprint I had to keep on
sailing myself five he's a third seven
and a half is a half by ten I've only
got five more to go in at 14 just go for
it and however 748 149 stop there well
done so my overall score 79,000 you know
that's that puts you towards the top of
another screw it's parently not too bad
my kind of earned this blue this blue
singlet which means that I'm in the
beginners group but towards the top end
of the beginners group and of course